README.md, before:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Shamar Weekes!

Open-minded Computer Science student | Passionate about learning new things! Building my skillset and diversifying my portfolio is my motive!  
💻 Currently exploring **Programming languages, AI / Machine Learning / API/ Web and mobile applications**  
🎯 My goal is to **Learn and grow within the technological field of computer science**  

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/Shamar12334/Shamar12334/blob/main/img/felixthecat.gif?raw=true" alt="cat" width="900" height="50">
</div>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

---

## 🛠️ Tools & DevOps

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/Shamar12334/Shamar12334/blob/main/img/felixthecat.gif?raw=true" alt="cat" width="450" height="50">
</div>

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)

---

## 🏆 Work Experience

**Independent Researcher**  
*Independent Research | September 2025 – Present | Miami, FL*  
- Conducted research in AI, Machine Learning, and Software Development  
- Built prototypes and implemented small-scale projects to test ideas  
- Strengthened skills in debugging, data analysis, and backend architecture  

---

## 📈 GitHub Stats

![Shamar's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Shamar12334&show_icons=true&theme=synthwave)  
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Shamar12334&layout=compact&theme=radical)

Commit message:

Revise focus area and remove GitHub stats
Updated current focus section and removed GitHub stats.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hey, I'm Shamar Weekes!

Open-minded Computer Science student | Passionate about learning new things! Building my skillset and diversifying my portfolio is my motive!  
💻 Currently exploring **Programming languages, AI / Machine Learning / API/ Web and mobile applications**  
🎯 My goal is to **Learn and grow within the technological field of computer science**  

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/Shamar12334/Shamar12334/blob/main/img/felixthecat.gif?raw=true" alt="cat" width="900" height="50">
</div>

![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%2B%2B-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white)
![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/C%23-239120?style=for-the-badge&logo=c-sharp&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)
![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-FA7343?style=for-the-badge&logo=swift&logoColor=white)
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=nodedotjs&logoColor=white)
![HTML](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)
![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)
![SQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/SQL-4479A1?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white)
![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white)

---

## 🛠️ Tools & DevOps

<div align="left">
  <img src="https://github.com/Shamar12334/Shamar12334/blob/main/img/felixthecat.gif?raw=true" alt="cat" width="450" height="50">
</div>

![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)
![VS Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Flask](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flask-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=flask&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-FFCA28?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=white)
![TensorFlow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=for-the-badge&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white)

---

## 🏆 Work Experience

**Independent Researcher**  
*Independent Research | September 2025 – Present | Miami, FL*  
- Conducted research in AI, Machine Learning, and Software Development  
- Built prototypes and implemented small-scale projects to test ideas  
- Strengthened skills in debugging, data analysis, and backend architecture  

---

## 📚 Current Focus
🚀 Learning full-stack development  
🔐 Working with SSH, Git, and deployment workflows  
🧠 Building real-world Flask and React projects
